Clean router config (#7380)
codeigniter4/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/incoming/routing.rst

controllers and methods when Auto Routing is enabled.

You can disable this automatic matching, and restrict routes

> to only those defined by you, by setting the ``$autoRoute`` option to false:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to only those defined by you, by setting the ``$autoRoute`` property to false:
```

.. literalinclude:: routing/051.php

> Using the ``set404Override`` method within the routes file, you can use closures. Defining the override in the Routing file is restricted to class/method pairs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the ``$override404`` property within the routes file, you can use closures. Defining the override in the Routing file is restricted to class/method pairs.
```
